
Name=            Maryum marri
Clas=            BSCS 6th semester
Scession=        2015-2019
Rollno=          64
Submitted to=    sir Imran





How to launch swi-prolog on command line?
Answer = sudo add-apt-repository ppa:swi-prolog/stable
	 sudo apt-get update
	 sudo apt-get install swi-prolog
 
What is the extension of a prolog Knowledge Base?
 Answer = A collection of facts and rules is called a knowledge base the extension knowledge Base is a DataBase.
 

How to load a knowledge base in prolog?
 Answer = For example  the file name is program.pl
we load by this command 	consult('program.pl').
 

How to exit a prolog session?
Answer = To exit SWI-Prolog, type halt..
 

How to get help on a topic from within prolog?
Answer = swipl --help
 

What is an atom?
An atom is a general-purpose name with no inherent meaning. It is composed of a sequence of characters that is parsed by the Prolog reader as a single unit.
 

What is a term?
 All Prolog data structures are called terms. A term is either:
     A constant, which can be either an atom or a number.
    A variable.
    A compound term. 
 

What is functor?
fanctor works in prolog as in function works in C language. 
 

What are complex terms?
 Complex terms define as in functor the different types of variables are used is called complex term. 
 

What is predicate?
for example 
	person1 likes person2.
	likes(person1,person2) it is a perdicate, because it has no period means in the last it has no fullstop, if fullstop has it will be a fact. 
 

What is arity of predicate?
 The arity of a functor is the number of arguments it takes. ... Every fact and rule in a Prolog program, and every built-in predicate has an arity. Often this is referred to in descriptions of these facts and rules, by appending / and the arity to the name of the rule or fact.
 

What is unification?
Pettern matching process.
	In short, the process of matching the items with variables is known as unification.